I taught the children what fear is. I felt they had to know so they wouldn't heedlessly run into danger.
Some desire love! Others family! Only then did I realize the truth...the core of humanity... is conflict. They fight. Steal. Kill. This is humanity in its purest form!
The time I was able to spend with you. It was like memories of pure light. Thank you... Nine... s
Do not feel bad about it. We are alive, after all. And being alive is pretty much a constant stream of embarrassment.
Everything that lives is designed to end. They are perpetually trapped in a never-ending spiral of life and death.
If there's two things I hate in this world, it's cockroaches and crying babies! Well, a crying baby cockroach would be truly terrible...
As long as there's music I'll keep on dancing.
I've got a fever and my only cure is more dead angels!
The world ends with you. If you want to enjoy life, expand your world.
I am a God Eater after all!
You just have to find a difference. One of you has a removable head, the other doesn’t.
Friendship is just a hot person's way of making you their slave.
Now that I am Undead, I have come to this great land—the birthplace of Lord Gwyn, to seek my very own sun!
The flow of time itself is convoluted, with heroes centuries-old phasing in and out.
When the Ashes are two, a flame alighteth.
Death is equitable, accepting. We will all, one day, be welcomed by her embrace.
I, Siegward of the Knights of Catarina, have come to fulfill my promise. Let the sun shine upon this Lord of Cinder.
This spot marks our grave, but you may rest here too if you would like.
You really are fond of chatting with me, aren’t you? If I didn’t know better, I’d think you had feelings for me!
Then touch the darkness inside me. Take nourishment from these sovereignless souls.
Ashen one, hearest thou my voice, still?
I’m not quite sure what it means to mourn, or even if we have a soul to concern ourselves with.
You want me to understand your sadness? You think I'm going to sympathize with you?
All the world needs is me. I got my values, so you can keep yours, alright?
I don't get people. Never Have, never will.
But Neku, I thought you couldn’t afford to lose, Give up on yourself, and you give up on the world.
The world ends at my borders, and the best moments slip away.
The truth is, I’m scared! I keep trying to sound brave, saying we need to win the Game, but I’m scared of getting a second chance!
Everyone has their own little internal world - a secret garden only they can enter.